= issue_notifier

A Redmine Plugin to notify assignee and watchers through push notification when an issue has been reported.

= Dependency

install redis with version 2.8 or higher

= Usage

To use this as a plugin clone the repo to your redmine/plugins directory

  bundle install

Migrate database

  bundle exec rake redmine:plugins:migrate

Make sure to add following lines to redmine/config/settings.yml

  gcm:
    api_key: ** your api key **
  apns:
    host: "gateway.push.apple.com"
    pem: "full_path/to/cert.pem"

Run sidekiq worker in background 

  bundle exec sidekiq

= Sending push notifications to android devices

We use gcm to send notifications accross all android devices

Obtain gcm_api_key from google developer console 

refer: https://developers.google.com/cloud-messaging/

= Sending push notifications to ios devices

We are using APNS to send notifications accross all ios devices.

Obtain ios certificate as a pem file

refer: https://github.com/jpoz/APNS

= Sidekiq Dashboard

For monitoring background process, Admin can able to access the sidekiq dashboard.

Sidekiq dashboard is added as link to top menu for admin.

refer: http://sidekiq.org/

= To register device tokens in database
	
  Need to enable rest api in settings under administration tab

Call API

  /users/device_tokens.json


parameters: 

    {
      key: <user's api_key>,
      device_token: <device token>,
      platform: "ios" or "android"
    }

= License

Apache License

Version 2.0, January 2004

Copyright (c) 2016 QBurst Technologies Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");

you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.

You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 
software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, 
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, 
either express or implied.

See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
